Action News 36 at noon starts now in
health news now a lot of us have a scar
or two that may remind us of an accident
or a surgery but there's a new type of
treatment that can rejuvenate the skin
and help erase both old and new scars
will show you how it works in your
health and it does come in the form of a
laser mark Epstein's getting his face
chip following melanoma surgery I'd had
this mark on my face which was
considered non cancerous cosmetic for
many many years but during this year's
annual I picked out and took a biopsy
found the melanoma even in the best
surgical hands procedures can leave
scars mark was enrolled in the study
that helps reduce that scarring usually
most people have reservations about
treating fresh scars and the document
has been that you can only treat old
scars or mature scars but in this study
the laser was used to resurface brand
new scars so while you're resurfacing
the scar as it's doing its own
remodeling you're actually giving it a
stimulus to remodel further and to
really emulate what normal skin would
look like the laser causes controlled
damage to just one third of the skin's
surface and also just below it at the
dermis it's at the dermis level where
collagen is made you're providing a
stimulus to the collagen you're
destroying all college and providing
snooze stimulus to the skin to produce
new collagen new collagen puffs things
up that allows scars to improve after a
series of treatments scars begin to fade
and so what we notice in this study in
this pilot study is that the scars that
were resurfaced right at suture removal
within two weeks of suture removal
dramatically improved after a series of
five resurfacing sessions with the
Fraxel laser providing whole scar
improvement with a fraction of the
therapy actually was 36 has more details
on that fraxel laser you just saw right
now it is FDA approved for acne scar
treatment as well as wrinkle treatment
around the eyes and certain skin
discoloration treatments